with a very great chef famous shaman we
pala dad before he died it's from a ton
of combo my destiny and he was a really
really brilliant chef was the youngest
chef ever in France to receive two
Michelin stars and he really taught me
to appreciate foie gras and and the
whole dog for everything that would that
it hasn't you know the doc is the
equivalent of the pork you know you can
eat everything in the doc you need
everything in the pig you know you use
all the feathers for down there's this
really beautiful you know relationship
with these animals and I think Jean
Louie was one of the one of the greatest
chefs - I feel very fortunate
opportunity for it but he showed me
there's a true beauty of what okay so
the floor drop gonna break the Louvre in
half
so with flora it's really important
because it's fat that you score it not
only for its presentation but the reason
is being scored is so that the salt gets
into it
see some foie gras pretty that really
don't be afraid so no fat in the pan
because this is all
you want to steer for untie eat because
you want it to caramelize if you sear it
too low you just ran around on the fat
you have any color you really need to
bring bring the flavor forward by giving
convo-sation
you know we brought the far-out ice core
you let it come to ten so it cooks
through evening flora needs to be cooked
through but you don't want it rock-hard
this is it don't cook it like grandma's
liver and onions okay because it's
pretty and nasty how many tell who said
badly burnt onions pretty much everybody
every said bad liver nights you want it
to be rich luscious whatever I'm
supposed to be as anxious deliciousness
not
area
there we go so I'm going to throw in a
little bit of time here
the bar itself is dense right now a nice
color but you want it to be soft to the
touch not for something to put in the
oven
when you come to my restaurant and you
order foie gras you get one drop I don't
believe in cheating people in their meal
see a lot of times you hear we're gonna
have flour on our dish and it's a one
ounce portion and you come and you have
these expectations of what you're gonna
have for dinner and I'm gonna deliver
that expectation you will either over
went on the word extremely ecstatic
no fancy molecular techniques now thank
you just classic old-school roasting